Update FeatureSwitches.md (#335)
Babylonpartners/ios-playbook: Cookbook/Technical-Documents/FeatureSwitches.md

    ```
	
	You can then refer this property as `Current.maps.myConfiguration`.
	
	A difference with other Feature Switches is that static configuration is used when we know that the configuration is specific to a specific _app_ (not the locale, not the user's region or their consumer network) and other apps should have the same feature configured differently, or we know that these configurations can be simply hardcoded on the client side. Other Feature Switches are not target specific.

- ### Backend (consumer network/product config) feature switches

	These feature switches are a kind of remote feature switches and are defined on the backend (in Feature Configurator service) and come as a part of patient details and can be accessed as `patient.metadata.featureSwitches`. Typically such feature swithces depend on some user data, i.e. region or consumer network.
	
	To add a new feature switch on the client add a new property to `BackendFeatureSwitches` struct in `BackendFeatureSwitches.swift` file and code to decode this property in `Decodable.swift`. Of course it needs to be added on the backend as well, that's something the backend dev from your team should be able to help with.
	

> 	_Product config_ is a new preffered way of managing such feature switches and it's preferable to use it for any new feature switch that defines features per product/partner. To use product config service in code you use `Current.productConfig` and define your flags via extensions to `ProductConfig` type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	_Product config_ is a new preferred way of managing such feature switches and it's preferable to use it for any new feature switch that defines features per product/partner. To use product config service in code, use `Current.productConfig` and define the flags via extensions to `ProductConfig` type:
```

	```swift
	public struct MapsUI: FeatureModule {
	    ...
	    public struct FeatureSwitches {
	        public enum Keys: String {
	            // value should be the same as one defined in service console
	            case isMyFeatureEnabled = "is_my_feature_enabled"
	        }

	        @RemoteFeatureSwitch(key: Keys.isMyFeatureEnabled)
	        var isMyFeatureEnabled: Bool
	    }
	}
	```

	You can then refer this property as `Current.maps.isMyFeatureEnabled`.

	**Note that default value is `false` again!** But you can specify a different default value, i.e. `@RemoteFeatureSwitch(key: Keys.isMyFeatureEnabled, defaultValue: true)`
	
	After releasing the feature hidden behind the remote feature switch, make some agreement with your PM when we can stop using this switch. Depending on how your squad works, you may want to create a ticket in the backlog to phase out the feature switch and remove legacy code. Remember that even you've phased out the feature switch from the newest version, there are still older versions that could be using this feature switch for a long time.
	

> 	For a/b test there is a dedicated property wrapper `@ABTest` that makes the separation between regular feature switches and a/b tests more explicit. It's also only possible to create a/b test using enum with string raw value. Other than that `ABTest` is identical to `RemoteFeatureSwitch` (and actually uses it as a backing storage)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	For A/B tests, there is a dedicated property wrapper `@ABTest` that makes the separation between regular feature switches and A/B tests more explicit. Also, it's only possible to create an A/B test using an enum with string raw value. Other than that, `ABTest` is identical to `RemoteFeatureSwitch` (and actually uses it as a backing storage)
```

	
	```swift
	public struct MapsUI: FeatureModule {
	    ...
	    public struct FeatureSwitches {
	        public enum Keys: String {
	            case myTest = "my_test"
	        }
		
		enum MyTest: String { case variatio1, variation2 }

	        @ABTest(key: Keys.myTest, default: .variation1)
	        var myTest: MyTest
	    }
	}
	```
	

> 	Read more: [Working with Optimizely](./Optimizely.md). Refer to the documentation for `RemoteFeatureSwitchDecoder` for more examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more: [Working with Optimizely](./Optimizely.md). Refer to the documentation for `RemoteFeatureSwitchDecoder` for more examples.
```
